hey this is presto Walker can you make
the number 24 from the numbers three
three eight and eight you can only use
the operations of addition subtraction
multiplication division and grouping
terms by parentheses and you have to use
all four numbers can you figure it out
give this problem a try and when you're
ready keep watching the rest of the
video I'm going to present a hint before
I show the answer but then I will show
the solution in the remaining part of
the video so give it a try and when
you're ready keep watching the video so
here's the hint you might start out by
thinking eight times three is equal to
24 and you've reached 24 but you then
realize we need to use all four numbers
so one way to solve this problem is by
modifying this result imagine that you
could take three numbers three eight and
eight to make eight if you could do that
you would be done the reason is that if
you could get three eight and eight to
combine to be eight you would then have
three numbers that combine to be eight
multiplied by the remaining three to get
24 now similarly if you could take three
eight and eight and combine them to make
one eight you would also be done this is
because we could then do three divided
by one eight and that would also equal
24 now by the same logic if we can make
three or one third from the numbers
three three and eight we would also be
done because we would then do eight
multiplied these three numbers to
combine to be three and that would be 24
or we could take eight divided by
one-third and that would also be 24
so you haven't figured it out this is a
huge hint so see if you can use this to
get to the answer once you're ready keep
watching the video I'm going to present
the answer so the trick is in this very
last line we are looking for 3 numbers 3
3 & 8
to combine to be one third and the way
we do that is we do 3 minus 8/3 this
equals 1/3 we could then take 8 divide
it by that to get to 24 and that's the
answer so there are many reasons this is
a difficult problem it's hard to solve
because first this is the only solution
out of all possible combinations of the
numbers second the solution involves
fractions and to divisions and finally
the solution poses a challenge for
computers because fractions like 1/3 can
lead to rounding and floating point
errors so some computer solvers will
actually not find the solution because
they'll have rounding and floating point
errors did you figure it out thanks for
watching this video please subscribe to
my channel I make videos on math you can
catch me on my blog mind your decisions
if you like this video you can check out
my books which are listed in the video
description and you can support me on
patreon if you have a math topic you can
email me presh at mind your decisions
calm and you can catch me on social
media either at mind your decisions or a
pressure Locker